[DOC] Strimzi Overview (#2228)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/overview/con-configuration-points-broker.adoc

// This module is included in:
//
// overview/assembly-configuration-points.adoc

// UserStory: Cluster broker configuration

[id="configuration-points-broker_{context}"]
= Kafka cluster configuration

> A Kafka cluster configuration describes how data is stored and accessed.

Author: I think this might more sense seeing the whole chapter. We talk about common configuration earlier and now we talk about key configuration points for each component. Here, it's Kafka. So I'm highlighting storage and listeners for storage and access. 

I've changed the intro a bit:

A kafka cluster comprises one or more brokers.
For producers and consumers to be able to access topics within the brokers, Kafka configuration must define how data is stored in the cluster and the type of access.

> A Kafka cluster configuration describes how data is stored and accessed.

Reviewer: Would _how data is stored in the cluster and how data is accessed_ sound better than _how data is stored in the cluster and the type of access_?

Storage::
Kafka and ZooKeeper store data on disks.
+
{ProductName} requires block storage and is designed to work optimally with cloud-based block storage solutions.
Three types of data storage are supported:
+

> * Ephemeral (Recommended for development only)

Author: Ephemeral (Recommended for development only):: Ephemeral storage stores data for the lifetime of an instance. Data is lost when the instance is restarted.
Persistent:: Persistent storage relates to long-term data storage independent of the lifecycle of the instance. 
JBOD (Just a Bunch of Disks, suitable for Kafka only):: JBOD allows you to use multiple disks to store commit logs in each broker.

> * Ephemeral (Recommended for development only)

Reviewer: Sounds good.

* Persistent
* JBOD (Just a Bunch of Disks, suitable for Kafka only)
+
The persistent storage capacity used by an existing Kafka cluster can be increased.

Listeners:: The following types of listener are supported:
Listeners configure how clients connect to a Kafka cluster.
+
* *Plain listener* that does not use encryption
* *TLS listener* that uses encryption
* *External listener* for access outside of Kubernetes

> Rack awareness:: You can configure a Kafka cluster to run with multiple broker nodes across _racks_.

Author: H'm. It is one of those kafka-specific configs. I've mentioned racks in the intro to this section. I think it makes sense now, and it might be useful to include it. 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/47596553/69447171-d70fc800-0d4d-11ea-83c7-343bffaaece7.png)

// This module is included in:
//
// overview/assembly-configuration-points.adoc

[id="configuration-points-broker_{context}"]
= Kafka cluster configuration

A kafka cluster comprises one or more brokers.
For producers and consumers to be able to access topics within the brokers, Kafka configuration must define how data is stored in the cluster, and how the data is accessed.
You can configure a Kafka cluster to run with multiple broker nodes across _racks_.

Storage::
Kafka and ZooKeeper store data on disks.
+

> {ProductName} requires block storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{ProductName} requires block storage provisioned through StoeageClass.
The storage should be formatted with XFS or EXT4 filesystems.
```

Three types of data storage are supported:
+
--
Ephemeral (Recommended for development only):: Ephemeral storage stores data for the lifetime of an instance. Data is lost when the instance is restarted.
Persistent:: Persistent storage relates to long-term data storage independent of the lifecycle of the instance.
JBOD (Just a Bunch of Disks, suitable for Kafka only):: JBOD allows you to use multiple disks to store commit logs in each broker.
--
+

> The persistent storage capacity used by an existing Kafka cluster can be increased.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The disk capacity used by an existing Kafka cluster can be increased if supported by the infrastructure.
```
